>> Mike: The next thing we're gonna do is
apply a component architecture practice
called container and
presentation components.
This is a very,
very popular technique to use across
all front end development these days.
I believe it was sort of born
out of the React community.
In principle,
here's how you wanna think about this.
You make it so
your components are either smart and
stateful, or they have an interesting
template of some sort.
And you try to make components
that are either one or the other.
And you try not to make something
that can tick both of those boxes.
This means that you can test
the presentation of things, right?
These are, for example,
our template-only components.
We give them args, they render some HTML.
They are stateless.
>> Mike: So those are easy to test.
You just pass them args,
see what they render.
Pass them args, see what they render.
A container component would be
something that has actions.
Something that has state, right?
And that is gonna be easy to test
because you can give it a for
testing use only presentation.
They might be much easier to
make assertions against than
the full-blown component in the wild.
So you can think of it as like,
you can have a big JS module, but
your template should be
very simple in that case.
Or you can have a complicated template,
but
your JS module should be absent or
extremely simple.
I would say it's fair game
to have a JS module for
the purpose of bringing in a service,
something like that.
But you shouldn't be doing stateful stuff.
You shouldn't be seeing this dot
whatever in that components template.
Presentation components are just
about turning data into HTML.